docs: updated whats new for 0.50.0 (#1731)
redhat-developer/app-services-cli: WHATS_NEW.md

Latest changes for the RHOAS CLI.
For information on what was included in latest release please refer to our [changelog](https://github.com/redhat-developer/app-services-cli/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)

## 0.50.0

### Support for Red Hat Openshift Connectors (RHOC)

> Our expanded support for RHOC is now visable for you to use. You can create a new connector by using `rhoas connector build` in conjunction with `rhoas connector create`.

Reviewer: visable

> Our expanded support for RHOC is now visable for you to use. You can create a new connector by using `rhoas connector build` in conjunction with `rhoas connector create`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our expanded support for RHOC is now visible for you to use. You can create a connector definition file by using `rhoas connector build`. Definition file can be used to create one or more connectors using `rhoas connector create`.
```

`rhoas connector build` can be used to generate a configuration for a connector type.

`rhoas connector create` can be used to create a connectors instance based on the configuration you generated with `rhoas connector build`.

> Use the `--type` flag to pick which connector type you want to deploy. You can list and search through all availble connector types use the command with the `--search` flag:

Reviewer: --search flag is mentioned but not used in command?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `--type` flag to pick which connector type you want to deploy. You can list and search through all available connector types use the command with the `--search` flag.
```

```bash
rhoas connector type list
```

Updating the state of a connector can also be done from the CLI using the command:
```bash
rhoas connector update
```

You can also create a new Connectors namespace using the command:
```bash
rhoas connector namespace create
```

> Newly created Connectors instances and Connectors namespaces are set in the current service context. To update your context or to remove services from the context for either a namespace or connector use:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each created Connector instance and namespace are set in the active service context. To update your context or to remove services from the context for either a namespace or connector use:
```

## 0.50.0

### Support for Red Hat Openshift Connectors (RHOC)
Our expanded support for RHOC is now visable for you to use. You can create a new connector by using `rhoas connector build` in conjunction with `rhoas connector create`.

> 

Reviewer 2: Should be "Red Hat OpenShift" :)

Also "Our expanded support for Red Hat OpenShift Connectors is now visible".  (RHOC acronym is internal only, fixes "visable" typo)

Could also use "available" instead of "visible"?

## 0.49.0

### Support for Red Hat Openshift Connectors (RHOC)
You are now able to interact with RHOC directly from the CLI. You can create a new connector by using `rhoas connector build` in conjunction with `rhoas connector create`.

> 

Reviewer 2: Should be "Red Hat OpenShift" :)

Suggest dropping "(RHOC)" from the header (internal-only acronym).

Also "You can now interact with Red Hat OpenShift Connectors directly from the CLI."
